  # Maybe - Episode 1
## Characters:
* Mato - **Lizi**
* Abesa - **ubX**
* Friend 1 - _*_
* Friend 2 - _*_
* Friend 3 - _*_
## Plot:
\*Intro*<br>
Mato entered a dark forest, with her three friends, \*, \* and \*. There Mato got seperated from her friends due to an accident, her friends were finding her. Mato soon realised 
that the land she fell on wasn't just normal land. She there found a nice \*item\*, she picked it up, soon she realised she did something wrong as some energies started 
revolving around her and the land, an immediate flash happens there and the energies escapes from the land, except for a white energy, soon fire and water type energies started 
revolving around the white energy. Though, Mato was surprised by all this, but still she was remembering her phyics concepts more and was trying to explain everything to herself 
physically. She failed and cried, in a frustated manner.
<br>Soon the land became normal, but at the spot where the white energy was she found a boy, looking cool, seemed to be having similar age as of Mato. He came closer to Mato, 
and started [sniffing](https://www.bing.com/search?q=define+sniff) her. Mato was scared a lot, a person she never met before, walks towards her, acts wildely, sniffs her like a 
dog, she was schocked and scared at the same time. She was quite her mouth was unable to say anything, she just saw many never seen before activities, it was like a nightmare. 
The boy become unconscious and fell on teh ground, The boy looked helpless, and there was something in him taht could even attract a feelingless body. Mato had a heart of gold, 
she couldn't just leave a helpless and innocent looking human, lieing on the ground. She touched him she got a feel of touching fire and water at the same time, and she 
understood that the guy ain't normal, he is comprised of many powers. She carried him on her back, soon he woke up, said nothing and started to walk with her. Mato asked for his 
name, he didn't say anything, he was looking everything like he never saw something like this before. He was acting way to strangely. Mato was still scared, she heard some 
footsteps from behind, she got too scared. Her friends surprised her, the boy was standing away from them. Mato told her friends that they have a new member in the team, she 
didn't tell what actually happened there. They then discussed what to do wih him. They saw around them, the Earth wasn't like how it was before in the morning, thr air, the sky, 
the land, everything was different. It was night and they needed a shelter, Mato's friends asked her if there is any place nearby. Mato didn't want to discuss about the place 
she where met that boy, but as it was night they needed a shelter, she told that there is a shelter. They then go to the land. While travelling, her friends were trying to talk 
with the boy, the boy was getting frightened, and he wa hiding behind Mato. Mato, who had a heart of gold, asked her friends to don't disturb him. She showed a smile to the boy 
and consolidated him. The boy was better than how he was before, after he heard Mato's words.
<br>Soon they reached the land, the boy was seeming to be less scared than earlier. There they spent the night, they all were kinda frightened as the place wasn't new for them, 
Mato was the one who was fightened the most, as she knew something strange existed there. The boy was also scared but not because of the environment, but due to Mato's friends. 
Mato couldn't sleep as she was frightened the most, and also as  she was the one who asked her friends to come to the forest she was guarding her friends so that they could stay 
aware, and no danger could come to them. Mato was looking at the sky, it was not normal, she could conclude that this all happened after the *item* was displaced, The moon she 
was looking at, started fading, not due to clouds it just faded. Something strange was coming near, Mato couldn't identify what it actually was. It was moving towards the boy, 
it came closer to him, and tried to grab the boy, Mato tried her best to stop it, but it carried the boy and started running, Mato followed him, she alarmed her friends by 
calling them. The boy was weak, he was like he couldn't defend himself, he opened his eyes, he saw Mato following him, but he wasn't running it was someone else carrying him. 
The boy couldn't do anything else then calling Mato, he was screaming for help. The only thing in the world he knew was just Mato, Mato tried to talk to him, and consolidated 
him. He was still scared. Mato was still chasing, she was exhausted too. She was getting unconscious, her eyes were just about to close, but some energies came out of the 
helpless boy, the energies touched the *item* Mato picked before, and it started to shine, and an immediate flash happens. When Mato opened her eyes, she found her somewhere 
else, she was able to see the boy, he was on the ground, in an unconscious condition (as always). The distance wasn't that long, but the path was difficult. While Mato was 
making her way to the boy, she hearf a deep voice, asking her that if she even knew who she was saving. (Mato replies according to player's choices ("pr")). After hearing Mato's
answer, he told her the boy's name, **Arbesa**. He asked her that why was she saving him, she even didn't know him. (pr). The deep voice told Mato many precious details about 
Arbesa, he also told Mato about him, that he is nothing else than one of the Trillions of thoughts in Arbesa's mind. He told that Arbesa should be treated well. His mind has the
ability to decide the world's future, if he gets too confused it won't be good for anyone. Mato promised, she will try her best for that. She picked up Arbesa and the deep voice
did his part of job, he sent Mato back to the original world, out of Arbesa's imaginations. Mato took a deep breath after seeing the normal land again, Arbesa was in her arms, 
she was scared due to many reasons, the world wasn't normal, it was night already and they all didn't have much equipments to stay in forest, and in night even worse. She had to 
many answers to her friends. And the boy in her arms was a source of mass destruction. She was scared and confused at the same time, drops of sweat were coming out of her 
forehead. She was on her way to her friends, with Arbesa in her arms. Soon she saw her friends, all waiting for her, she asked them to sleep, and told thatshe will explain 
everything tomorrow, they all slept, Mato still didn't sleep. The boy opened her eyes, he came closer to Mato and tried to asure Mato and asked her to sleep, (No, he didn't 
speak anything) Mato was about to sleep but she saw some red and blue light rays were shining from Arbesa, and she couldn't sleep.

That's it for EP 1. There will be some edits soon, Also ND suggest some improvements.


# [Episode - 2](Episode%202)
*Not available*
